Add option for user specified Julia depot (#83)
julia-actions/cache: README.md

- `cache-name` - The cache key prefix. Defaults to `julia-cache-${{ github.workflow }}-${{ github.job }}`. The key body automatically includes matrix vars and the OS. Include any other parameters/details in this prefix to ensure one unique cache key per concurrent job type.
- `include-matrix` - Whether to include the matrix values when constructing the cache key. Defaults to `true`.

> - `depot` - Path to the Julia [depot](https://pkgdocs.julialang.org/v1/glossary/) where cached data will be saved to and restored from. Defaults to `~/.julia`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `depot-path` - Path to the Julia [depot](https://pkgdocs.julialang.org/v1/glossary/) where cached data will be saved to and restored from. Defaults to `~/.julia`.
```

Author: Bike shedding time: I considered do this but decided against this as we have [`JULIA_DEPOT_PATH`](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/manual/environment-variables/#JULIA_DEPOT_PATH) which works in a similar way to the shell [`PATH`](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PATH_(variable)) in that it's a list of directory names separate by a delimiter. I would be okay with calling this `depot-dir` or `depot-directory` (a little too long IMO) but I thought `depot` was clear enough.

We should probably do this however:
```suggestion
- `depot` - Path to a Julia [depot](https://pkgdocs.julialang.org/v1/glossary/) directory where cached data will be saved to and restored from. Defaults to `~/.julia`.
```

Reviewer: I don't see the issue with including "path" in the name. It's the word used in the description?
Perhaps `depot-root`? `depot-dir` to me sounds like a directory in the depot.

Author: > I don't see the issue with including "path" in the name.

I'm concerned that someone could do something like this (which isn't supported when multiple depots are specified):
```yaml
depot-path: ${{ env.JULIA_DEPOT_PATH }}
```
In Julia the environmental variable is parsed to be `Base.DEPOT_PATH` which why I think it could be problematic.

> Perhaps `depot-root`?

I'm okay with this but I do prefer `depot` as that is a 1-1 match with the [Pkg glossary](https://pkgdocs.julialang.org/v1/glossary/):

> **Depot**: a directory on a system where various package-related resources live, including:
>
> `environments`: shared named environments (e.g. `v1.0`, `devtools`)
> `clones`: bare clones of package repositories
> `compiled`: cached compiled package images (`.ji` files)
> `config`: global configuration files (e.g. `startup.jl`)
> `dev`: default directory for package development
> `logs`: log files (e.g. `manifest_usage.toml`, `repl_history.jl`)
> `packages`: installed package versions
> `registries`: clones of registries (e.g. `General`)

Reviewer: Ok `depot` sounds good
